---
uid: v2026.1.20.0
title: Version 2026.1.20.0
---
Changes made in this release:

- Fixed the standalone GUI so that it uses the Visual Studio 2022 build tools or later as the minimum.  This
  prevents builds that generate help 1 (CHM) files from failing due to an incompatibility with the Visual Studio
  2019 build tools.
- The help file builder can now be used as part of a [GitHub workflow](@GitHubWorkflow).
- Added a new presentation style, Themed2026, which is now the default for new projects.
  - Removed the `CollapsibleSection` and `LogoUrl` transformation arguments.
  - Added a `ProjectUrl` transformation argument that replaces the `LogoUrl` transformation argument.  If
    specified, it places a link button in the page header.
  - Added support for switching between light and dark themes.  It uses the system preference by default.
  - [Lunr](http://lunrjs.com) is used for search functionality and allows for required search terms, excluded
    search terms, wildcard searches, term level boosting, and fuzzy searches.  The search results also show the
    start of the topic content to provide some more context.  Search index data is stored in two JSON files
    rather than the multiple files used previously.  Although they are much larger overall, the trade off is a
    much better search experience.
  - Table of contents information is stored in a single, compact JSON file eliminating the many XML fragment
    files used previously resulting in an overall size reduction between 50% and 75% for most projects.
  
  If there are other features or changes you would like to see made to the new presentation style, post a comment
  on the [related work item](https://github.com/EWSoftware/SHFB/issues/1156).

## See Also
**Other Resources**  
[](@VersionHistory)
